Map Document;MXD Path;DataFrame Name;DataFrame Description;Data Name;Layer name;Layer Datasource;DB User
50_Wolf_Rd_Cubes.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\50_Wolf_Rd_Cubes.mxd;50 Wolf Road;None;GIS.Floorplan_Outline;Outline;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.Floorplan_Outline;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
50_Wolf_Rd_Cubes.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\50_Wolf_Rd_Cubes.mxd;50 Wolf Road;None;GIS.FloorPlan_Cubes;Occupied;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.FloorPlan_Cubes;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
50_Wolf_Rd_Cubes.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\50_Wolf_Rd_Cubes.mxd;50 Wolf Road;None;GIS.FloorPlan_Cubes;Vacant;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.FloorPlan_Cubes;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
50_Wolf_Rd_Cubes.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\50_Wolf_Rd_Cubes.mxd;50 Wolf Road;None;GIS.Floorplan_Conf_Rooms;Conference Rooms;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.Floorplan_Conf_Rooms;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
50_Wolf_Rd_Cubes.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\50_Wolf_Rd_Cubes.mxd;50 Wolf Road;None;GIS.FloorPlan_Cubes;Cube Search;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.FloorPlan_Cubes;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ActiveProjects_GCTX.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ActiveProjects_GCTX.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.ActiveBridgeProjectsWM;Bridge Projects;C:\Users\khunt\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.2\ArcCatalog\ags03@gisphost.sde\GIS.ActiveBridgeProjectsWM;ags03@gisphost.sde
ActiveProjects_GCTX.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ActiveProjects_GCTX.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Highway Projects;N/A;N/A
ActiveProjects_GCTX.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ActiveProjects_GCTX.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.ActiveHighwayProjectsPtsWM;Hwy Proj Points;C:\Users\khunt\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.2\ArcCatalog\ags03@gisphost.sde\GIS.ActiveHighwayProjectsPtsWM;ags03@gisphost.sde
ActiveProjects_GCTX.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ActiveProjects_GCTX.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.ActiveHighwayProjectsWM;Hwy Proj Lines;C:\Users\khunt\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.2\ArcCatalog\ags03@gisphost.sde\GIS.ActiveHighwayProjectsWM;ags03@gisphost.sde
ActiveProjects_GCTX.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ActiveProjects_GCTX.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.ActiveLocatedProjectsWM;Located Projects;C:\Users\khunt\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.2\ArcCatalog\ags03@gisphost.sde\GIS.ActiveLocatedProjectsWM;ags03@gisphost.sde
ActiveProjects_SelByLoc.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ActiveProjects_SelByLoc.mxd;Layers;None;SelectByLoc;SelectByLoc;E:\Projects\ActiveProj_SelByLoc\AP_SelByLoc.gdb\SelectByLoc;N/A
AgileAssets.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\AgileAssets.mxd;Layers;None;FW.Bridge;Bridges;C:\Documents and Settings\hkovacs\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.Bridge;DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde
AgileAssets.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\AgileAssets.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Marker;C:\Documents and Settings\hkovacs\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde
AgileAssets.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\AgileAssets.mxd;Layers;None;FW.DOTRegionsShoreline;DOT Regions;C:\Documents and Settings\hkovacs\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.DOTRegionsShoreline;DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde
AgileAssets.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\AgileAssets.mxd;Layers;None;FW.MilepointRoute;Milepoint;C:\Documents and Settings\hkovacs\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.MilepointRoute;DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde
BikeRoutes.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\BikeRoutes.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_BIKEROUTES_DEV;On Public Bike Map;C:\Users\rizzor\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.SV_BIKEROUTES_DEV;DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde
BikeRoutes.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\BikeRoutes.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.BikeRoutes;NOT on Public Bike Map;C:\Users\rizzor\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.BikeRoutes;DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde
BikeRoutes.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\BikeRoutes.mxd;Layers;None;FW.DOTRegionsShoreline;DOT Regions;C:\Users\rizzor\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.DOTRegionsShoreline;DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde
Cache_Test1.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\Cache_Test1.mxd;Layers;None;City_Town_Columbia;City_Town_Columbia;Y:\GIS\Exchange\Outgoing\MONeil\Cache_Test\Cache_Test.gdb\City_Town_Columbia;N/A
Cache_Test123.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\Cache_Test123.mxd;Layers;None;City_Town_Albany_Rens;City_Town_Albany_Rens;Y:\GIS\Exchange\Outgoing\MONeil\Cache_Test\Cache_Test.gdb\City_Town_Albany_Rens;N/A
Cache_Test123.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\Cache_Test123.mxd;Layers;None;City_Town_Columbia;City_Town_Columbia;Y:\GIS\Exchange\Outgoing\MONeil\Cache_Test\Cache_Test.gdb\City_Town_Columbia;N/A
Cache_Test123.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\Cache_Test123.mxd;Layers;None;City_Town_Rensselaer;City_Town_Rensselaer;Y:\GIS\Exchange\Outgoing\MONeil\Cache_Test\Cache_Test.gdb\City_Town_Rensselaer;N/A
Cache_Test2.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\Cache_Test2.mxd;Layers;None;City_Town_Rensselaer;City_Town_Rensselaer;Y:\GIS\Exchange\Outgoing\MONeil\Cache_Test\Cache_Test.gdb\City_Town_Rensselaer;N/A
Cache_Test3.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\Cache_Test3.mxd;Layers;None;City_Town_Albany_Rens;City_Town_Albany_Rens;Y:\GIS\Exchange\Outgoing\MONeil\Cache_Test\Cache_Test.gdb\City_Town_Albany_Rens;N/A
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;System Map;N/A;N/A
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;FW.Hospital;Hospital;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.Hospital;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_AirportData;Airport/Heliport;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_AirportData;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RD_Passenger_Stations;Passenger Rail Station;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RD_Passenger_Stations;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.Business;Businesses;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.Business;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.University;Universities;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.University;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.MajorShoppingCenter;Major Shopping Center;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\gis@gisphost.sde\GIS.MajorShoppingCenter;gis@gisphost.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;FW.BusStation;Intercity Bus Station;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.BusStation;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RoadwayInventory;Truck Access Routes;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RoadwayInventory;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RoadwayInventory;Functional Class;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RoadwayInventory;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RoadwayInventory;AADT;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RoadwayInventory;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Reference Markers;N/A;N/A
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;1:60,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;1:60,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;1:30,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;1:30,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;1:14,999;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;1:14,999;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;1:8,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;1:8,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;1:4,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Structures;N/A;N/A
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.BDIS_BRIDGES;Bridges (Condition);C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\GIS.BDIS_BRIDGES;ags01@gisphost.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.BDIS_BRIDGES;Bridges (Posting);C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\GIS.BDIS_BRIDGES;ags01@gisphost.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_BRIDGE_INV_CWS_DEV;Bridge Needs;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_BRIDGE_INV_CWS_DEV;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.BDIS_LARGECULVERTS;Large Culverts (Gen Rec);C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\gis@gisphost.sde\GIS.BDIS_LARGECULVERTS;gis@gisphost.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SMALL_CULVERTS_DEV;Small Culverts (Gen Rec);C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.SMALL_CULVERTS_DEV;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Pavement;N/A;N/A
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RoadwayInventory;IRI Ranges;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RoadwayInventory;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RoadwayInventory;Surface Rating;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RoadwayInventory;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_PavementNeedsWithDesc;Pavement Need;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_PavementNeedsWithDesc;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_PavementNeedsWithDesc;End of Good Window;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_PavementNeedsWithDesc;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_PavementNeedsWithDesc;End of Fair Window;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_PavementNeedsWithDesc;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Safety;N/A;N/A
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_CARD_HeadOn_Count_Rate;CARD HeadOn Rate;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_CARD_HeadOn_Count_Rate;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_Stwd_CARD_Elgbl_Segs;CARD Eligible Roads;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_Stwd_CARD_Elgbl_Segs;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.PIL;Priority Investigation Locations;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.PIL;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.Specialty_PIL;Specialty PIL;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.Specialty_PIL;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_CARD_Status;CARD Status;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_CARD_Status;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Capital Program;N/A;N/A
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.PSS_BRIDGE_PROJECTS_DEV;Planned Bridge Projects;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.PSS_BRIDGE_PROJECTS_DEV;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.PSS_HIGHWAY_PROJECTS_DEV;Planned Highway Projects;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.PSS_HIGHWAY_PROJECTS_DEV;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RoadwayInventory;NHS;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RoadwayInventory;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Accessibility;N/A;N/A
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_Ramps;Ramps;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_Ramps;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_Sidewalks;Sidewalks;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_Sidewalks;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_BikeWalkPotential;BikeWalkPotential;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_BikeWalkPotential;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Flooding Vulnerability;N/A;N/A
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_Culvert_Impacts;Culverts;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_Culvert_Impacts;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_Bridges_Impact;Bridges;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_Bridges_Impact;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_Flood_Watch_Bridge_List;Flood Watch Bridge List;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_Flood_Watch_Bridge_List;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_Roads_Impact;Roads;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_Roads_Impact;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_NHSPlus;Disinvestment;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_NHSPlus;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.StrV_Region_Residency_County;Boundaries;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.StrV_Region_Residency_County;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Legislative;N/A;N/A
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;FW.NYAssemblyDistricts;NY Assembly Districts;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.NYAssemblyDistricts;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;FW.NYSenateDistricts;NY Senate Districts;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.NYSenateDistricts;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI.mxd;Layers;None;FW.USCongressionalDistricts;US Congressional Districts;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.USCongressionalDistricts;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;System Map;N/A;N/A
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;FW.Hospital;Hospital;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.Hospital;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_AirportData;Airport/Heliport;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_AirportData;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RD_Passenger_Stations;Passenger Rail Station;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RD_Passenger_Stations;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.Business;Businesses;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.Business;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.University;Universities;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.University;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.MajorShoppingCenter;Major Shopping Center;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\gis@gisphost.sde\GIS.MajorShoppingCenter;gis@gisphost.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;FW.BusStation;Intercity Bus Station;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.BusStation;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RoadwayInventory;Truck Access Routes;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RoadwayInventory;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RoadwayInventory;Functional Class;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RoadwayInventory;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RoadwayInventory;AADT;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RoadwayInventory;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Reference Markers;N/A;N/A
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;1:60,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;1:60,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;1:30,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;1:30,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;1:14,999;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;1:14,999;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;1:8,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;1:8,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;1:4,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Structures;N/A;N/A
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_BDIS_BRIDGES_TEST;Bridges (Condition);C:\Users\dhess\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4.sde\GIS.SV_BDIS_BRIDGES_TEST;agsdev01@osd4.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_BDIS_BRIDGES_TEST;Bridges (Posting);C:\Users\dhess\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4.sde\GIS.SV_BDIS_BRIDGES_TEST;agsdev01@osd4.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_BRIDGE_INV_CWS_DEV;Bridge Needs;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_BRIDGE_INV_CWS_DEV;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.BDIS_LARGECULVERTS;Large Culverts (Gen Rec);C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\gis@gisphost.sde\GIS.BDIS_LARGECULVERTS;gis@gisphost.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SMALL_CULVERTS_DELETE_1;Small Culverts (Gen Rec);C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\gis@osd4host.sde\GIS.SMALL_CULVERTS_DELETE_1;gis@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Pavement;N/A;N/A
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RoadwayInventory;IRI Ranges;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RoadwayInventory;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RoadwayInventory;Surface Rating;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RoadwayInventory;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_PavementNeedsWithDesc;Pavement Need;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_PavementNeedsWithDesc;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_PavementNeedsWithDesc;End of Good Window;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_PavementNeedsWithDesc;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_PavementNeedsWithDesc;End of Fair Window;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_PavementNeedsWithDesc;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Safety;N/A;N/A
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_CARD_HeadOn_Count_Rate;CARD HeadOn Rate;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_CARD_HeadOn_Count_Rate;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_Stwd_CARD_Elgbl_Segs;CARD Eligible Roads;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_Stwd_CARD_Elgbl_Segs;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.PIL;Priority Investigation Locations;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.PIL;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.Specialty_PIL;Specialty PIL;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.Specialty_PIL;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_CARD_Status;CARD Status;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_CARD_Status;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Capital Program;N/A;N/A
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.PSS_BRIDGE_PROJECTS_DEV;Planned Bridge Projects;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.PSS_BRIDGE_PROJECTS_DEV;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.PSS_HIGHWAY_PROJECTS_DEV;Planned Highway Projects;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.PSS_HIGHWAY_PROJECTS_DEV;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RoadwayInventory;NHS;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RoadwayInventory;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Accessibility;N/A;N/A
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_Ramps;Ramps;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_Ramps;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_Sidewalks;Sidewalks;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_Sidewalks;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_BikeWalkPotential;BikeWalkPotential;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_BikeWalkPotential;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Flooding Vulnerability;N/A;N/A
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_Culvert_Impacts;Culverts;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_Culvert_Impacts;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_Bridges_Impact;Bridges;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_Bridges_Impact;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_Flood_Watch_Bridge_List;Flood Watch Bridge List;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_Flood_Watch_Bridge_List;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_Roads_Impact;Roads;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_Roads_Impact;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_NHSPlus;Disinvestment;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_NHSPlus;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.StrV_Region_Residency_County;Boundaries;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.StrV_Region_Residency_County;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Legislative;N/A;N/A
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;FW.NYAssemblyDistricts;NY Assembly Districts;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.NYAssemblyDistricts;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;FW.NYSenateDistricts;NY Senate Districts;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.NYSenateDistricts;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS.mxd;Layers;None;FW.USCongressionalDistricts;US Congressional Districts;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.USCongressionalDistricts;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;System Map;N/A;N/A
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;FW.Hospital;Hospital;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.Hospital;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_AirportData;Airport/Heliport;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_AirportData;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RD_Passenger_Stations;Passenger Rail Station;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RD_Passenger_Stations;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.Business;Businesses;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.Business;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.University;Universities;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.University;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.MajorShoppingCenter;Major Shopping Center;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.MajorShoppingCenter;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;FW.BusStation;Intercity Bus Station;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.BusStation;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RoadwayInventory;Truck Access Routes;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RoadwayInventory;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RoadwayInventory;Functional Class;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RoadwayInventory;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RoadwayInventory;AADT;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RoadwayInventory;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Reference Markers;N/A;N/A
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;1:60,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;1:60,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;1:30,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;1:30,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;1:14,999;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;1:14,999;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;1:8,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;1:8,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;1:4,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Structures;N/A;N/A
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_BDIS_BRIDGES_TEST;Bridges (Condition);C:\Users\dhess\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4.sde\GIS.SV_BDIS_BRIDGES_TEST;agsdev01@osd4.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_BDIS_BRIDGES_TEST;Bridges (Posting);C:\Users\dhess\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4.sde\GIS.SV_BDIS_BRIDGES_TEST;agsdev01@osd4.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_BRIDGE_INV_CWS_DEV;Bridge Needs;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_BRIDGE_INV_CWS_DEV;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.BDIS_LARGECULVERTS;Large Culverts (Gen Rec);C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\gis@gisphost.sde\GIS.BDIS_LARGECULVERTS;gis@gisphost.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SMALL_CULVERTS_DELETE;Small Culverts (Gen Rec);C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\gis@osd4host.sde\GIS.SMALL_CULVERTS_DELETE;gis@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Pavement;N/A;N/A
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RoadwayInventory;IRI Ranges;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RoadwayInventory;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RoadwayInventory;Surface Rating;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RoadwayInventory;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_PavementNeedsWithDesc;Pavement Need;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_PavementNeedsWithDesc;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_PavementNeedsWithDesc;End of Good Window;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_PavementNeedsWithDesc;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_PavementNeedsWithDesc;End of Fair Window;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_PavementNeedsWithDesc;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Safety;N/A;N/A
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_CARD_HeadOn_Count_Rate;CARD HeadOn Rate;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_CARD_HeadOn_Count_Rate;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_Stwd_CARD_Elgbl_Segs;CARD Eligible Roads;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_Stwd_CARD_Elgbl_Segs;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.PIL;Priority Investigation Locations;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.PIL;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.Specialty_PIL;Specialty PIL;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.Specialty_PIL;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_CARD_Status;CARD Status;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_CARD_Status;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Capital Program;N/A;N/A
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.PSS_BRIDGE_PROJECTS_DEV;Planned Bridge Projects;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.PSS_BRIDGE_PROJECTS_DEV;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.PSS_HIGHWAY_PROJECTS_DEV;Planned Highway Projects;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.PSS_HIGHWAY_PROJECTS_DEV;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RoadwayInventory;NHS;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RoadwayInventory;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Accessibility;N/A;N/A
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_Ramps;Ramps;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_Ramps;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_Sidewalks;Sidewalks;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_Sidewalks;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_BikeWalkPotential;BikeWalkPotential;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_BikeWalkPotential;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Flooding Vulnerability;N/A;N/A
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_Culvert_Impacts;Culverts;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_Culvert_Impacts;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_Bridges_Impact;Bridges;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_Bridges_Impact;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_Flood_Watch_Bridge_List;Flood Watch Bridge List;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_Flood_Watch_Bridge_List;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_Roads_Impact;Roads;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_Roads_Impact;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CPU_NHSPlus;Disinvestment;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CPU_NHSPlus;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.StrV_Region_Residency_County;Boundaries;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.StrV_Region_Residency_County;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Legislative;N/A;N/A
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;FW.NYAssemblyDistricts;NY Assembly Districts;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.NYAssemblyDistricts;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;FW.NYSenateDistricts;NY Senate Districts;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.NYSenateDistricts;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_BDIS_SC.mxd;Layers;None;FW.USCongressionalDistricts;US Congressional Districts;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.USCongressionalDistricts;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CAMCI_Bridges_Null.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CAMCI_Bridges_Null.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.BDIS_BRIDGES_TEST;Bridges (Null);C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.BDIS_BRIDGES_TEST;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
CVDataFeed.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CVDataFeed.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_GIS_BRIDGE_PERMIT_DATA_DEV;Posted Load Bridges;C:\Users\hessd\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\gis@osd4host.sde\GIS.SV_GIS_BRIDGE_PERMIT_DATA_DEV;gis@osd4host.sde
CVDataFeed.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CVDataFeed.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_GIS_BRIDGE_PERMIT_DATA_DEV;Posted Height Bridges;C:\Users\hessd\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\gis@osd4host.sde\GIS.SV_GIS_BRIDGE_PERMIT_DATA_DEV;gis@osd4host.sde
CVDataFeed.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\CVDataFeed.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.Parkways;Parkways;C:\Documents and Settings\hessd\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCags04@gisphost.sde\GIS.Parkways;DCags04@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;CAPITAL PROGRAM DATA;N/A;N/A
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.PSS_BRIDGE_PROJECTS;Bridge Projects;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\GIS.PSS_BRIDGE_PROJECTS;ags01@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.PSS_HIGHWAY_PROJECTS;Highway Projects;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\GIS.PSS_HIGHWAY_PROJECTS;ags01@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;BRIDGES AND CULVERTS;N/A;N/A
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;FW.Bridge;Bridges;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\FW.Bridge;ags01@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.SmallCulvers_EPriorities;Small Culvert Environmental Priorities;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.SmallCulvers_EPriorities;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SMALL_CULVERTS;Small Culverts;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\GIS.SMALL_CULVERTS;ags01@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.LargeCulvert_ElPriorities;Large Culvert Environmental Priorities;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.LargeCulvert_ElPriorities;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.BDIS_LARGECULVERTS;Large Culverts;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\GIS.BDIS_LARGECULVERTS;ags01@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;AIR QUALITY;N/A;N/A
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.nonattainment_intersections;Nonattainment Intersections;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.nonattainment_intersections;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.nonattainment_int_buffer;1/2 Mile Buffer;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.nonattainment_int_buffer;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.co_new;Maintenance Area - Carbon Monoxide;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.co_new;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.ozone_new;8-Hour Ozone;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.ozone_new;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.pm25;PM 2.5;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.pm25;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.pm10_shore;PM 10;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.pm10_shore;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.part_203;Indirect Source Permit Area;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.part_203;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;CULTURAL RESOURCES;N/A;N/A
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.historic_bridges;Historic Bridge Inventory;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.historic_bridges;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.NationalRegisterListed;National Register-Listed Properties;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.NationalRegisterListed;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.archeology;National Register-Listed Archeological Sites;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.archeology;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.national_parks;National Parks;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.national_parks;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;FW.StateRecreation;State Parks;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\FW.StateRecreation;ags01@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;FW.AdirondackCatskill;Catskill-Adirondack Parks;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\FW.AdirondackCatskill;ags01@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;FW.FederalRecreation;Federal Recreation Areas;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\FW.FederalRecreation;ags01@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;FW.CountyRecreation;County Recreation Areas;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\FW.CountyRecreation;ags01@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;FW.MunicipalRecreation;Municipal Recreation Areas;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\FW.MunicipalRecreation;ags01@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;FW.IndianReservation;Native American Reservations;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\FW.IndianReservation;ags01@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.scenic_areas;Scenic Areas;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.scenic_areas;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.historic_canal_structures;Historic Canal Structures;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.historic_canal_structures;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.historic_canal_alignment;Historic Canal Alignment;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.historic_canal_alignment;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.current_canal_alignment;Current Canal Alignment;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.current_canal_alignment;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.Scenic_Byways;Scenic Byways;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.Scenic_Byways;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.potential_ej_areas;Potential EJ Areas;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.potential_ej_areas;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.ag_districts_060217;Agricultural Districts;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.ag_districts_060217;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.primefarm_110429;Prime Farmland;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.primefarm_110429;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.farm_si_110429;Farmland of Statewide Importance;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.farm_si_110429;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;HAZARDOUS WASTE;N/A;N/A
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.remediation_sites;DEC Remediation Sites;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.remediation_sites;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.ny_cerclis;Federal Superfund Sites;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.ny_cerclis;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.spills_mar_04_material;Spills;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.spills_mar_04_material;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.haz_subst_merged;Hazardous Substance Disposal Sites;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.haz_subst_merged;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.bin_rcra_new;Bridges With EPA ID #;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.bin_rcra_new;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.ny_tri;Toxic Release Inventory - EPA;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.ny_tri;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.tri;Toxic Release Inventory - DEC;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.tri;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.ny_rcr;RCRA-Permitted Facilities;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.ny_rcr;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.dec_permitted_facility;DEC-Permitted Facilities;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.dec_permitted_facility;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.coalgas;Coal Gassification Plants;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.coalgas;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.ny_npl;National Priority List;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.ny_npl;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;WETLANDS;N/A;N/A
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.decwet_poly;DEC Wetlands;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.decwet_poly;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.decwet_arcs;DEC Wetlands - Linear;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.decwet_arcs;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.buffer100foot;100-Foot DEC Wetland Buffer;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.buffer100foot;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.nwi_poly;NWI Wetlands;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.nwi_poly;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.nwi_arcs;NWI - Linear;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.nwi_arcs;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.regulatory_polygons;APA Regulatory Type;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.regulatory_polygons;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.regulatory_arcs;APA Regulatory - Linear;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.regulatory_arcs;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.cover_type_polygons;APA Cover Type;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.cover_type_polygons;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.cover_type_arcs;APA Cover - Linear;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.cover_type_arcs;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.tidal;Tidal Wetlands;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.tidal;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.hydric_soils_110429;Hydric Soils;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.hydric_soils_110429;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.Env_easement;Env_easement;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.Env_easement;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.quads;Quad Index;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.quads;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;WATER AND ECOLOGY;N/A;N/A
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;PUBLIC WATER SUPPLY;N/A;N/A
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.wells;Public Water Supply Wells;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.wells;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.springs;Public Water Supply Springs;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.springs;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.intakes;Public Water Supply Intakes;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.intakes;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.fishing_access;Fishing Access Sites;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.fishing_access;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.tbins;Bridges Over Trout Streams;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.tbins;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;DEC WATER CLASSIFICATION;N/A;N/A
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.DEC_wtrcls_line;DEC Water Class Line;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.DEC_wtrcls_line;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.DEC_wtrcls_poly;DEC Water Class Poly;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.DEC_wtrcls_poly;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;AQUIFERS;N/A;N/A
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.ny_ssa;Sole-Source Aquifers;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.ny_ssa;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.primaqu;Primary Aquifers;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.primaqu;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.NY_Aquifers_region;Unconsolidated Aquifers;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.NY_Aquifers_region;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;NYCDEP;N/A;N/A
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.stream24;NYCDEP Streams;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.stream24;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.city48;NYCDEP Property;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.city48;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.phosrestr24;NYCDEP Phosphorus-Restricted Basins;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.phosrestr24;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.basin24;NYCDEP Drainage Basins;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.basin24;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.duct24;NYCDEP Aqueducts;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.duct24;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.landuse;NYCDEP Land Use;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.landuse;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.Floodplain;100-Year Floodplains;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.Floodplain;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.dec11_new;Watersheds DEC 11-digit;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.dec11_new;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.Coastal_boundaries;Coastal Area Boundary;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.Coastal_boundaries;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.Coastal_habitats;Coastal Habitats;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.Coastal_habitats;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.nri_join;Wild and Scenic Rivers;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.nri_join;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;STORMWATER;N/A;N/A
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;SPDES.Stormwater_Outfall;Outfall Inventory;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\SPDES.Stormwater_Outfall;ags01@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.nycso;Combined Sewer Overflows;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.nycso;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.DEC303d_lines;303(d) List Streams;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.DEC303d_lines;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.DEC303d_polys;303(d) List Lakes/Estuaries;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.DEC303d_polys;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.tmdl_basins;TMDL Basins;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.tmdl_basins;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.hwys;Highways Requiring Outfall Mapping;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.hwys;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.reg_ms4;MS4s;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.reg_ms4;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;DEER VEHICLE ACCIDENTS;N/A;N/A
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.dva_1990_w_count_by_rm;DVA's 1990;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.dva_1990_w_count_by_rm;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.dva_1995_with_rm_count;DVA's 1995;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.dva_1995_with_rm_count;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.dva2000_with_rm_count;DVA's 2000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.dva2000_with_rm_count;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;INVASIVE PLANTS;N/A;N/A
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.Invasive_Plants;INVASIVE PLANTS;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.Invasive_Plants;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;MISCELLANEOUS;N/A;N/A
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;FW.DOTFacility;DOTFacility;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\FW.DOTFacility;ags01@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.mines05;Mines and Quarries;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.mines05;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.oilgas_wells05;Oil and Gas Wells;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.oilgas_wells05;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.VRA_2008_pts;VRA 2008 points;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.VRA_2008_pts;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.VRA_2008_lines;VRA 2008 lines;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.VRA_2008_lines;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.dec_land;DEC State Lands;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.dec_land;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;GEOLOGY;N/A;N/A
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.nyfaults;Faults and Linements;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.nyfaults;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.bedrock;Bedrock Geology;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.bedrock;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.surficial;Surficial Geology;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.surficial;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.phys_provinces;Physiographic Provinces;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.phys_provinces;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;ADIRONDACK PARK AGENCY;N/A;N/A
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.desig_rivers_poly;Designated Rivers;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.desig_rivers_poly;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.apalandclass;Forest Preserve (APA Public Lands);C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.apalandclass;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.state_acquis;State Forest Acquisition;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.state_acquis;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.apalandclass;Land Classification;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.apalandclass;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;REGION 3 DATA;N/A;N/A
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.r3_dumdum;Region 3 DumDum Bridges;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.r3_dumdum;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;REGION 5 DATA;N/A;N/A
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Invasive Species;N/A;N/A
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.lines;Invasive Species - Lines;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.lines;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.invasives_lines_combined;Invasive Species - Lines New Format;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.invasives_lines_combined;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.points;Invasive Species - Points;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.points;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.invasives_points_combined;Invasive Species - Points New Format;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.invasives_points_combined;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.polygons;Invasive Species - Polygons;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.polygons;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.invasives_poly_combined;Invasive Species - Polygons New Format;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.invasives_poly_combined;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.cr_reports;Cultural Resource Reports;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.cr_reports;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.hwcm_reports;Hazardous Waste - Contaminated Materials Reports;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.hwcm_reports;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;REGION 8 DATA;N/A;N/A
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.dva_pip;Deer-Vehicle Accidents Palisades Parkway;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.dva_pip;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;DOT HYDROGRAPHY;N/A;N/A
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;FW.LinearHydrography;LinearHydrography;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\FW.LinearHydrography;ags01@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;FW.AreaHydrography;AreaHydrography;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\FW.AreaHydrography;ags01@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;NHD HIGH-RES DATASETS 1:24k;N/A;N/A
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;NHD Statewide Water Features;N/A;N/A
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.NHD_point;NHD Points;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.NHD_point;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.NHD_waterbodies;NHD Waterbodies;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.NHD_waterbodies;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.NHD_flowline;NHD Flowlines;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.NHD_flowline;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.NHD_Area;NHD Areas;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.NHD_Area;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.NHD_SubBasins;NHD SubBasins;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.NHD_SubBasins;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;BASE MAP DATA;N/A;N/A
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Reference Markers;N/A;N/A
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 60,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;ags01@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 60,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;ags01@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 30,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;ags01@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 30,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;ags01@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 14,999;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;ags01@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 14,999;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;ags01@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 8,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;ags01@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 8,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;ags01@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 4,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;ags01@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;FW.MajorHighway;NYS Routes;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\FW.MajorHighway;ags01@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;FW.StreetsSimple;Local Roads;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\FW.StreetsSimple;ags01@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;FW.PostalBoundary;Zip Codes;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\FW.PostalBoundary;ags01@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;FW.DOTRegions;DOT Regions;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\FW.DOTRegions;ags01@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;FW.DOTResidencies;DOT Residency Boundaries;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\FW.DOTResidencies;ags01@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;FW.CountyShoreline;County;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\FW.CountyShoreline;ags01@gisphost.sde
envviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.DEC_regions;DEC Regions;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@gisphost.sde\ENVGIS.DEC_regions;envgis@gisphost.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;CAPITAL PROGRAM DATA;N/A;N/A
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.PSS_BRIDGE_PROJECTS_DEV;Bridge Projects;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.PSS_BRIDGE_PROJECTS_DEV;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.PSS_HIGHWAY_PROJECTS_DEV;Highway Projects;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.PSS_HIGHWAY_PROJECTS_DEV;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;BRIDGES AND CULVERTS;N/A;N/A
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;FW.Bridge;Bridges;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.Bridge;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.SmallCulvers_EPriorities;Small Culvert Environmental Priorities;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.SmallCulvers_EPriorities;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SMALL_CULVERTS_DEV;Small Culverts;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.SMALL_CULVERTS_DEV;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.LargeCulvert_ElPriorities;Large Culvert Environmental Priorities;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.LargeCulvert_ElPriorities;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.LargeCulverts;Large Culverts;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.LargeCulverts;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;AIR QUALITY;N/A;N/A
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.nonattainment_intersections;Nonattainment Intersections;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.nonattainment_intersections;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.nonattainment_int_buffer;1/2 Mile Buffer;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.nonattainment_int_buffer;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.co_new;Maintenance Area - Carbon Monoxide;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.co_new;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.ozone_new;8-Hour Ozone;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.ozone_new;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.pm25;PM 2.5;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.pm25;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.pm10_shore;PM 10;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.pm10_shore;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.part_203;Indirect Source Permit Area;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.part_203;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;CULTURAL RESOURCES;N/A;N/A
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.historic_bridges;Historic Bridge Inventory;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.historic_bridges;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.NationalRegisterListed;National Register-Listed Properties;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.NationalRegisterListed;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.archeology;National Register-Listed Archeological Sites;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.archeology;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.national_parks;National Parks;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.national_parks;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;FW.StateRecreation;State Parks;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.StateRecreation;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;FW.AdirondackCatskill;Catskill-Adirondack Parks;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.AdirondackCatskill;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;FW.FederalRecreation;Federal Recreation Areas;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.FederalRecreation;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;FW.CountyRecreation;County Recreation Areas;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.CountyRecreation;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;FW.MunicipalRecreation;Municipal Recreation Areas;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.MunicipalRecreation;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;FW.IndianReservation;Native American Reservations;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.IndianReservation;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.scenic_areas;Scenic Areas;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.scenic_areas;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.historic_canal_structures;Historic Canal Structures;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.historic_canal_structures;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.historic_canal_alignment;Historic Canal Alignment;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.historic_canal_alignment;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.current_canal_alignment;Current Canal Alignment;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.current_canal_alignment;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.Scenic_Byways;Scenic Byways;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.Scenic_Byways;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.potential_ej_areas;Potential EJ Areas;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.potential_ej_areas;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.ag_districts_060217;Agricultural Districts;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.ag_districts_060217;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.primefarm_110429;Prime Farmland;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.primefarm_110429;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.farm_si_110429;Farmland of Statewide Importance;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.farm_si_110429;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;HAZARDOUS WASTE;N/A;N/A
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.remediation_sites;DEC Remediation Sites;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.remediation_sites;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.ny_cerclis;Federal Superfund Sites;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.ny_cerclis;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.spills_mar_04_material;Spills;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.spills_mar_04_material;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.haz_subst_merged;Hazardous Substance Disposal Sites;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.haz_subst_merged;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.bin_rcra_new;Bridges With EPA ID #;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.bin_rcra_new;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.ny_tri;Toxic Release Inventory - EPA;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.ny_tri;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.tri;Toxic Release Inventory - DEC;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.tri;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.ny_rcr;RCRA-Permitted Facilities;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.ny_rcr;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.dec_permitted_facility;DEC-Permitted Facilities;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.dec_permitted_facility;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.coalgas;Coal Gassification Plants;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.coalgas;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.ny_npl;National Priority List;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.ny_npl;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;WETLANDS;N/A;N/A
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.decwet_poly;DEC Wetlands;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.decwet_poly;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.decwet_arcs;DEC Wetlands - Linear;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.decwet_arcs;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.buffer100foot;100-Foot DEC Wetland Buffer;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.buffer100foot;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.nwi_poly;NWI Wetlands;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.nwi_poly;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.nwi_arcs;NWI - Linear;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.nwi_arcs;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.regulatory_polygons;APA Regulatory Type;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.regulatory_polygons;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.regulatory_arcs;APA Regulatory - Linear;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.regulatory_arcs;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.cover_type_polygons;APA Cover Type;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.cover_type_polygons;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.cover_type_arcs;APA Cover - Linear;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.cover_type_arcs;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.tidal;Tidal Wetlands;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.tidal;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.hydric_soils_110429;Hydric Soils;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.hydric_soils_110429;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.Env_easement;Env_easement;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.Env_easement;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.quads;Quad Index;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.quads;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;WATER AND ECOLOGY;N/A;N/A
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;PUBLIC WATER SUPPLY;N/A;N/A
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.wells;Public Water Supply Wells;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.wells;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.springs;Public Water Supply Springs;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.springs;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.intakes;Public Water Supply Intakes;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.intakes;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.fishing_access;Fishing Access Sites;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.fishing_access;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.tbins;Bridges Over Trout Streams;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.tbins;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;DEC WATER CLASSIFICATION;N/A;N/A
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.DEC_wtrcls_line;DEC Water Class Line;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.DEC_wtrcls_line;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.DEC_wtrcls_poly;DEC Water Class Poly;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.DEC_wtrcls_poly;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;AQUIFERS;N/A;N/A
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.ny_ssa;Sole-Source Aquifers;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.ny_ssa;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.primaqu;Primary Aquifers;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.primaqu;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.NY_Aquifers_region;Unconsolidated Aquifers;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.NY_Aquifers_region;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;NYCDEP;N/A;N/A
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.stream24;NYCDEP Streams;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.stream24;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.city48;NYCDEP Property;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.city48;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.phosrestr24;NYCDEP Phosphorus-Restricted Basins;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.phosrestr24;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.basin24;NYCDEP Drainage Basins;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.basin24;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.duct24;NYCDEP Aqueducts;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.duct24;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.landuse;NYCDEP Land Use;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.landuse;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.Floodplain;100-Year Floodplains;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.Floodplain;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.dec11_new;Watersheds DEC 11-digit;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.dec11_new;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.Coastal_boundaries;Coastal Area Boundary;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.Coastal_boundaries;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.Coastal_habitats;Coastal Habitats;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.Coastal_habitats;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.nri_join;Wild and Scenic Rivers;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.nri_join;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;STORMWATER;N/A;N/A
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;SPDES.Stormwater_Outfall;Outfall Inventory;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\SPDES.Stormwater_Outfall;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.nycso;Combined Sewer Overflows;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.nycso;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.DEC303d_lines;303(d) List Streams;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.DEC303d_lines;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.DEC303d_polys;303(d) List Lakes/Estuaries;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.DEC303d_polys;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.tmdl_basins;TMDL Basins;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.tmdl_basins;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.hwys;Highways Requiring Outfall Mapping;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.hwys;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.reg_ms4;MS4s;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.reg_ms4;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;DEER VEHICLE ACCIDENTS;N/A;N/A
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.dva_1990_w_count_by_rm;DVA's 1990;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.dva_1990_w_count_by_rm;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.dva_1995_with_rm_count;DVA's 1995;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.dva_1995_with_rm_count;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.dva2000_with_rm_count;DVA's 2000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.dva2000_with_rm_count;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;INVASIVE PLANTS;N/A;N/A
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.Invasive_Plants;INVASIVE PLANTS;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.Invasive_Plants;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;MISCELLANEOUS;N/A;N/A
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;FW.DOTFacility;DOTFacility;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.DOTFacility;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.mines05;Mines and Quarries;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.mines05;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.oilgas_wells05;Oil and Gas Wells;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.oilgas_wells05;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.VRA_2008_pts;VRA 2008 points;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.VRA_2008_pts;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.VRA_2008_lines;VRA 2008 lines;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.VRA_2008_lines;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.dec_land;DEC State Lands;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.dec_land;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;GEOLOGY;N/A;N/A
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.nyfaults;Faults and Linements;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.nyfaults;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.bedrock;Bedrock Geology;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.bedrock;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.surficial;Surficial Geology;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.surficial;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.phys_provinces;Physiographic Provinces;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.phys_provinces;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;ADIRONDACK PARK AGENCY;N/A;N/A
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.desig_rivers_poly;Designated Rivers;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.desig_rivers_poly;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.apalandclass;Forest Preserve (APA Public Lands);C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.apalandclass;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.state_acquis;State Forest Acquisition;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.state_acquis;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.apalandclass;Land Classification;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.apalandclass;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;REGION 3 DATA;N/A;N/A
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.r3_dumdum;Region 3 DumDum Bridges;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.r3_dumdum;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;REGION 5 DATA;N/A;N/A
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Invasive Species;N/A;N/A
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.lines;Invasive Species - Lines;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.lines;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.invasives_lines_combined;Invasive Species - Lines New Format;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.invasives_lines_combined;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.points;Invasive Species - Points;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.points;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.invasives_points_combined;Invasive Species - Points New Format;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.invasives_points_combined;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.polygons;Invasive Species - Polygons;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.polygons;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.invasives_poly_combined;Invasive Species - Polygons New Format;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.invasives_poly_combined;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.cr_reports;Cultural Resource Reports;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.cr_reports;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.hwcm_reports;Hazardous Waste - Contaminated Materials Reports;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.hwcm_reports;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;REGION 8 DATA;N/A;N/A
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.dva_pip;Deer-Vehicle Accidents Palisades Parkway;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.dva_pip;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;DOT HYDROGRAPHY;N/A;N/A
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;FW.LinearHydrography;LinearHydrography;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.LinearHydrography;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;FW.AreaHydrography;AreaHydrography;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.AreaHydrography;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;NHD HIGH-RES DATASETS 1:24k;N/A;N/A
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;NHD Statewide Water Features;N/A;N/A
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.NHD_point;NHD Points;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.NHD_point;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.NHD_waterbodies;NHD Waterbodies;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.NHD_waterbodies;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.NHD_flowline;NHD Flowlines;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.NHD_flowline;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.NHD_Area;NHD Areas;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.NHD_Area;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.NHD_SubBasins;NHD SubBasins;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.NHD_SubBasins;envgis@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;BASE MAP DATA;N/A;N/A
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Reference Markers;N/A;N/A
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 60,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 60,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 30,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 30,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 14,999;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 14,999;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 8,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 8,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 4,000;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;FW.MajorHighway;NYS Routes;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.MajorHighway;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;FW.StreetsSimple;Local Roads;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.StreetsSimple;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;FW.PostalBoundary;Zip Codes;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.PostalBoundary;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;FW.DOTRegions;DOT Regions;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.DOTRegions;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;FW.DOTResidencies;DOT Residency Boundaries;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.DOTResidencies;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;FW.CountyShoreline;County;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.CountyShoreline;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\envviewer_wvmoap134_backup.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.DEC_regions;DEC Regions;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.DEC_regions;envgis@osd4host.sde
FAE.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\FAE.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.FederalAidEligibleRoads;Federal Aid Eligible Roads;C:\Users\hkovacs\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.FederalAidEligibleRoads;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
FAEG.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\FAEG.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.FederalAidEligibleRoads;Federal Aid Eligible Roads;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.FederalAidEligibleRoads;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
FDR Structures.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\FDR Structures.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.FDRStructures;FDR Structures;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.FDRStructures;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
FiberOptic.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\FiberOptic.mxd;Layers;None;Century_Link_NAP;Century_Link_NAP;E:\Projects\FiberOptic\Final_Fiber_Data.gdb\Century_Link_NAP;N/A
FiberOptic.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\FiberOptic.mxd;Layers;None;DANC_NAP;DANC_NAP;E:\Projects\FiberOptic\Final_Fiber_Data.gdb\DANC_NAP;N/A
FiberOptic.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\FiberOptic.mxd;Layers;None;ION_NAP;ION_NAP;E:\Projects\FiberOptic\Final_Fiber_Data.gdb\ION_NAP;N/A
FiberOptic.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\FiberOptic.mxd;Layers;None;NYeNet_NAP;NYeNet_NAP;E:\Projects\FiberOptic\Final_Fiber_Data.gdb\NYeNet_NAP;N/A
FiberOptic.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\FiberOptic.mxd;Layers;None;NYS_Circuits;NYS_Circuits;E:\Projects\FiberOptic\Final_Fiber_Data.gdb\NYS_Circuits;N/A
FiberOptic.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\FiberOptic.mxd;Layers;None;Wayne_Co_NAP;Wayne_Co_NAP;E:\Projects\FiberOptic\Final_Fiber_Data.gdb\Wayne_Co_NAP;N/A
FiberOptic.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\FiberOptic.mxd;Layers;None;DOTFacility;DOTFacility;\\s2im33\DOT Data\GIS\FrameworkPortable\Landmarks\DOTFacility.shp;N/A
FiberOptic.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\FiberOptic.mxd;Layers;None;NYeNet_Conduit;NYeNet_Conduit;E:\Projects\FiberOptic\Final_Fiber_Data.gdb\NYeNet_Conduit;N/A
FiberOptic.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\FiberOptic.mxd;Layers;None;Fiber_Routes;Fiber_Routes;E:\Projects\FiberOptic\Final_Fiber_Data.gdb\Fiber_Routes;N/A
FiberOptic.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\FiberOptic.mxd;Layers;None;PA_Fiber;PA_Fiber;E:\Projects\FiberOptic\Final_Fiber_Data.gdb\PA_Fiber;N/A
FindPlace.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\FindPlace.mxd;Layers;None;Place;Place;\\s2im33\dot data\GIS\Environmental\Environmental_FGDB\New_York_Linears.gdb\Place;N/A
maintviewer - Copy.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\maintviewer - Copy.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.DOT_Facility;STORM OPERATIONAL STATUS;C:\Documents and Settings\hessd\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.DOT_Facility;DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde
maintviewer - Copy.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\maintviewer - Copy.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.Salt_Fuel_locations;Salt Fuel Locations;C:\Users\hessd\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags02@gisphost.sde\GIS.Salt_Fuel_locations;ags02@gisphost.sde
maintviewer - Copy.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\maintviewer - Copy.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_TEST;SALT - BULK;C:\Documents and Settings\hessd\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_TEST;DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde
maintviewer - Copy.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\maintviewer - Copy.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_TEST;PRE-TREATED SALT;C:\Documents and Settings\hessd\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_TEST;DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde
maintviewer - Copy.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\maintviewer - Copy.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_TEST;SNOW & ICE ABRASIVES;C:\Documents and Settings\hessd\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_TEST;DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde
maintviewer - Copy.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\maintviewer - Copy.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_TEST;SALT BRINE;C:\Documents and Settings\hessd\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_TEST;DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde
maintviewer - Copy.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\maintviewer - Copy.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_TEST;MAG-CHLORIDE - LIQUID;C:\Documents and Settings\hessd\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_TEST;DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde
maintviewer - Copy.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\maintviewer - Copy.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_TEST;MAG-CHLOR - LIQUID OBPE;C:\Documents and Settings\hessd\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_TEST;DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde
maintviewer - Copy.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\maintviewer - Copy.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_TEST;CAL CHLORIDE - LIQUID;C:\Documents and Settings\hessd\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_TEST;DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde
maintviewer - Copy.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\maintviewer - Copy.mxd;Layers;None;FW.DOTRegions;DOT Regions;C:\Documents and Settings\hessd\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.DOTRegions;DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde
maintviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\maintviewer.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.DOT_Facility;Storm Operational Status;C:\Users\oneilm\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.DOT_Facility;DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde
maintviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\maintviewer.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.Salt_Fuel_locations;Salt Fuel Locations;C:\Users\oneilm\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.Salt_Fuel_locations;DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde
maintviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\maintviewer.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_DEV;SALT - BULK;C:\Users\oneilm\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_DEV;DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde
maintviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\maintviewer.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_DEV;PRE-TREATED SALT;C:\Users\oneilm\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_DEV;DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde
maintviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\maintviewer.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_DEV;SNOW & ICE ABRASIVES;C:\Users\oneilm\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_DEV;DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde
maintviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\maintviewer.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_DEV;SALT BRINE;C:\Users\oneilm\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_DEV;DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde
maintviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\maintviewer.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_DEV;MAG-CHLORIDE - LIQUID;C:\Users\oneilm\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_DEV;DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde
maintviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\maintviewer.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_DEV;MAG-CHLOR - LIQUID OBPE;C:\Users\oneilm\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_DEV;DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde
maintviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\maintviewer.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_DEV;CAL CHLORIDE - LIQUID;C:\Users\oneilm\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_DEV;DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde
maintviewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\maintviewer.mxd;Layers;None;FW.DOTRegions;DOT Regions;C:\Documents and Settings\hessd\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.DOTRegions;DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde
maintviewer_GISP.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\maintviewer_GISP.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.DOT_Facility;STORM OPERATIONAL STATUS;C:\Documents and Settings\hessd\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.DOT_Facility;DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde
maintviewer_GISP.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\maintviewer_GISP.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.Salt_Fuel_locations;Salt Fuel Locations;C:\Users\hessd\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags02@gisphost.sde\GIS.Salt_Fuel_locations;ags02@gisphost.sde
maintviewer_GISP.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\maintviewer_GISP.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS;SALT - BULK;C:\Users\hessd\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags02@gisphost.sde\GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS;ags02@gisphost.sde
maintviewer_GISP.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\maintviewer_GISP.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS;PRE-TREATED SALT;C:\Users\hessd\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags02@gisphost.sde\GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS;ags02@gisphost.sde
maintviewer_GISP.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\maintviewer_GISP.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS;SNOW & ICE ABRASIVES;C:\Users\hessd\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags02@gisphost.sde\GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS;ags02@gisphost.sde
maintviewer_GISP.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\maintviewer_GISP.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS;SALT BRINE;C:\Users\hessd\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags02@gisphost.sde\GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS;ags02@gisphost.sde
maintviewer_GISP.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\maintviewer_GISP.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS;MAG-CHLORIDE - LIQUID;C:\Users\hessd\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags02@gisphost.sde\GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS;ags02@gisphost.sde
maintviewer_GISP.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\maintviewer_GISP.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS;MAG-CHLOR - LIQUID OBPE;C:\Users\hessd\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags02@gisphost.sde\GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS;ags02@gisphost.sde
maintviewer_GISP.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\maintviewer_GISP.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS;CAL CHLORIDE - LIQUID;C:\Users\hessd\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags02@gisphost.sde\GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS;ags02@gisphost.sde
maintviewer_GISP.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\maintviewer_GISP.mxd;Layers;None;FW.DOTRegions;DOT Regions;C:\Documents and Settings\hessd\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.DOTRegions;DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde
mesonet.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\mesonet.mxd;Layers;None;NewConfig;Ideal Site;\\wvmoap134\Projects\Mesonet\Mesonet.gdb\NewConfig;N/A
mesonet.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\mesonet.mxd;Layers;None;Buffer5Miles;Five Mile Buffer Around Ideal Site;\\wvmoap134\Projects\Mesonet\Mesonet.gdb\Buffer5Miles;N/A
mesonet.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\mesonet.mxd;Layers;None;DOTFacility;DOTFacility;\\wvmoap134\Projects\Mesonet\Mesonet.gdb\DOTFacility;N/A
mesonet.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\mesonet.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.DOT_Facility;STORM OPERATIONAL STATUS;C:\Documents and Settings\hessd\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.DOT_Facility;DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde
mesonet.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\mesonet.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_TEST;SALT - BULK;C:\Documents and Settings\hessd\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_TEST;DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde
mesonet.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\mesonet.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_TEST;PRE-TREATED SALT;C:\Documents and Settings\hessd\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_TEST;DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde
mesonet.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\mesonet.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_TEST;SNOW & ICE ABRASIVES;C:\Documents and Settings\hessd\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_TEST;DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde
mesonet.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\mesonet.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_TEST;SALT BRINE;C:\Documents and Settings\hessd\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_TEST;DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde
mesonet.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\mesonet.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_TEST;MAG-CHLORIDE - LIQUID;C:\Documents and Settings\hessd\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_TEST;DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde
mesonet.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\mesonet.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_TEST;MAG-CHLOR - LIQUID OBPE;C:\Documents and Settings\hessd\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_TEST;DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde
mesonet.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\mesonet.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_TEST;CAL CHLORIDE - LIQUID;C:\Documents and Settings\hessd\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.SV_STKPL_STATUS_TEST;DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde
mesonet.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\mesonet.mxd;Layers;None;FW.DOTRegions;DOT Regions;C:\Documents and Settings\hessd\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.DOTRegions;DCagsdev01@osd4host.sde
MO_TestSvc.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\MO_TestSvc.mxd;Layers;None;Kinderhook;Kinderhook;R:\MO\MO.gdb\Kinderhook;N/A
MO_TestSvc.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\MO_TestSvc.mxd;Layers;None;Kinderhook_Town;Kinderhook_Town;R:\MO\MO.gdb\Kinderhook_Town;N/A
NaturalHeritage.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\NaturalHeritage.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.nynhp_dot_known;Known Locations;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.nynhp_dot_known;envgis@osd4host.sde
NaturalHeritage.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\NaturalHeritage.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.nynhp_dot_indiana_and_northern;Indiana and Northern Long-eared Bats;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.nynhp_dot_indiana_and_northern;envgis@osd4host.sde
NaturalHeritage.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\NaturalHeritage.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.nynhp_dot_potential;Potential Locations;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.nynhp_dot_potential;envgis@osd4host.sde
NaturalHeritage.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\NaturalHeritage.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.nynhp_dot_comms;Ecological Communities;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.nynhp_dot_comms;envgis@osd4host.sde
NaturalHeritage.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\NaturalHeritage.mxd;Layers;None;FW.Bridge;Bridges;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.Bridge;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
NaturalHeritage.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\NaturalHeritage.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.CONUS_wet_linears_utm;NWI - Linear;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.CONUS_wet_linears_utm;envgis@osd4host.sde
NaturalHeritage.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\NaturalHeritage.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.regulatory_arcs;APA Regulatory - Linear;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.regulatory_arcs;envgis@osd4host.sde
NaturalHeritage.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\NaturalHeritage.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.cover_type_arcs;APA Cover - Linear;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.cover_type_arcs;envgis@osd4host.sde
NaturalHeritage.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\NaturalHeritage.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.CONUS_wet_poly_utm;NWI Wetlands;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.CONUS_wet_poly_utm;envgis@osd4host.sde
NaturalHeritage.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\NaturalHeritage.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.regulatory_polygons;APA Regulatory Type;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.regulatory_polygons;envgis@osd4host.sde
NaturalHeritage.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\NaturalHeritage.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.cover_type_polygons;APA Cover Type;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.cover_type_polygons;envgis@osd4host.sde
NaturalHeritage.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\NaturalHeritage.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.tidal;Tidal Wetlands;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.tidal;envgis@osd4host.sde
NaturalHeritage.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\NaturalHeritage.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.hydric_soils;Hydric Soils;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.hydric_soils;envgis@osd4host.sde
NaturalHeritage.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\NaturalHeritage.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.DEC_wtrcls_line;DEC Waterclass - Linear;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.DEC_wtrcls_line;envgis@osd4host.sde
NaturalHeritage.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\NaturalHeritage.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.DEC_wtrcls_poly;DEC Waterclass - Polygon;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.DEC_wtrcls_poly;envgis@osd4host.sde
NaturalHeritage.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\NaturalHeritage.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.polygons_060602;DEC Wetlands;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.polygons_060602;envgis@osd4host.sde
NaturalHeritage.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\NaturalHeritage.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.arcs_060602;DEC Wetlands - Linear;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.arcs_060602;envgis@osd4host.sde
NaturalHeritage.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\NaturalHeritage.mxd;Layers;None;ENVGIS.buffer_060602;100-Foot DEC Wetland Buffer;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\envgis@osd4host.sde\ENVGIS.buffer_060602;envgis@osd4host.sde
NaturalHeritage.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\NaturalHeritage.mxd;Layers;None;FW.DOTRegions;DOT Regions;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.DOTRegions;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
NYBoundaries_GCTX.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\NYBoundaries_GCTX.mxd;WGS84;None;N/A2;Municipal;N/A;N/A
NYBoundaries_GCTX.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\NYBoundaries_GCTX.mxd;WGS84;None;Municipal_Village;Village;Z:\GIS\Exchange\Outgoing\MONeil\ESRI_Online\WGS84.gdb\Municipal_Village;N/A
NYBoundaries_GCTX.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\NYBoundaries_GCTX.mxd;WGS84;None;Municipal_City_Town;City-Town;Z:\GIS\Exchange\Outgoing\MONeil\ESRI_Online\WGS84.gdb\Municipal_City_Town;N/A
NYBoundaries_GCTX.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\NYBoundaries_GCTX.mxd;WGS84;None;Municipal_County;County;Z:\GIS\Exchange\Outgoing\MONeil\ESRI_Online\WGS84.gdb\Municipal_County;N/A
NYBoundaries_GCTX.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\NYBoundaries_GCTX.mxd;WGS84;None;N/A2;Political;N/A;N/A
NYBoundaries_GCTX.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\NYBoundaries_GCTX.mxd;WGS84;None;Political_US_Congressional_District;US Congressional District;Z:\GIS\Exchange\Outgoing\MONeil\ESRI_Online\WGS84.gdb\Political_US_Congressional_District;N/A
NYBoundaries_GCTX.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\NYBoundaries_GCTX.mxd;WGS84;None;Political_NY_Senate_District;NY Senate District;Z:\GIS\Exchange\Outgoing\MONeil\ESRI_Online\WGS84.gdb\Political_NY_Senate_District;N/A
NYBoundaries_GCTX.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\NYBoundaries_GCTX.mxd;WGS84;None;Political_NY_Assembly_District;NY Assembly District;Z:\GIS\Exchange\Outgoing\MONeil\ESRI_Online\WGS84.gdb\Political_NY_Assembly_District;N/A
NYBoundaries_GCTX.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\NYBoundaries_GCTX.mxd;WGS84;None;N/A2;Other;N/A;N/A
NYBoundaries_GCTX.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\NYBoundaries_GCTX.mxd;WGS84;None;Other_Metropolitan_Planning_Org_MPO_;Metropolitan Planning Org (MPO);Z:\GIS\Exchange\Outgoing\MONeil\ESRI_Online\WGS84.gdb\Other_Metropolitan_Planning_Org_MPO_;N/A
NYBoundaries_GCTX.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\NYBoundaries_GCTX.mxd;WGS84;None;Other_DOT_Region;DOT Region;Z:\GIS\Exchange\Outgoing\MONeil\ESRI_Online\WGS84.gdb\Other_DOT_Region;N/A
Parcels.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\Parcels.mxd;Layers;None;NYS_Tax_Parcels_Agencies;NYS Tax Parcels;Y:\GIS\RealEstate\Parcels\NYS_Tax_Parcels.gdb\NYS_Tax_Parcels_Agencies;N/A
Parcels2.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\Parcels2.mxd;Layers;None;NYS_Tax_Parcels_Agencies;NYS Tax Parcels;Y:\GIS\RealEstate\Parcels\NYS_Tax_Parcels.gdb\NYS_Tax_Parcels_Agencies;N/A
pmi.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\pmi.mxd;Main Layers;None;nyharn;NY HARN points;\\its701pw5gis.svc.ny.gov\Data2$\DOT\GIS\Design\Survey\Shapefiles\nyharn.shp;N/A
pmi.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\pmi.mxd;Main Layers;None;N/A2;Photogrammetry;N/A;N/A
pmi.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\pmi.mxd;Main Layers;None;GIS.PMI_Mapping;Mapping;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.PMI_Mapping;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
pmi.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\pmi.mxd;Main Layers;None;GIS.PMI_Orthos;Orthoimages;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.PMI_Orthos;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
pmi.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\pmi.mxd;Main Layers;None;GIS.PMI_Photos;Photos;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.PMI_Photos;DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde
pmi.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\pmi.mxd;Main Layers;None;spzones;SPCS Zones;\\its701pw5gis.svc.ny.gov\Data2$\DOT\GIS\Design\Survey\spzones.shp;N/A
pmi.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\pmi.mxd;Main Layers;None;FW.DOTRegions;DOT Regions;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.DOTRegions;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
PointsofEntry.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\PointsofEntry.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.PointsofEntry;GIS.PointsofEntry;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.PointsofEntry;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
PSS_Projects.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\PSS_Projects.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.PSS_BRIDGE_PROJECTS_DEV;PSS BRIDGE PROJECTS DEV;C:\Users\hkovacs\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.PSS_BRIDGE_PROJECTS_DEV;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
PSS_Projects.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\PSS_Projects.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.PSS_HIGHWAY_PROJECTS_DEV;PSS HIGHWAY PROJECTS DEV;C:\Users\hkovacs\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.PSS_HIGHWAY_PROJECTS_DEV;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
PST.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\PST.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.BDIS_BRIDGES;Labels;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.BDIS_BRIDGES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
PST.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\PST.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.BDIS_BRIDGES;Posted Load Bridges;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.BDIS_BRIDGES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
PST.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\PST.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.BDIS_BRIDGES;Height Restricted Bridges;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.BDIS_BRIDGES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
PST.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\PST.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.BDIS_BRIDGES;Width Restricted Bridges;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.BDIS_BRIDGES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
PST.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\PST.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.TRAVELRESTRICTIONS;Construction and Other Restrictions;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.TRAVELRESTRICTIONS;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
PST.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\PST.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.ModularHomeRoutes;16' Manufactuered/Modular Home Routes;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.ModularHomeRoutes;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
PST.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\PST.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.NonStateTouringRoutes_09162015;Non-State Owned Touring Routes;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.NonStateTouringRoutes_09162015;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
PST.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\PST.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.Parkways_new;Parkways;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\GIS.Parkways_new;ags01@gisphost.sde
PST.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\PST.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.UnbuiltArterial;Unbuilt Arterials;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.UnbuiltArterial;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
PST.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\PST.mxd;Layers;None;FW.CountyShoreline;County;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.CountyShoreline;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
pstbin.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\pstbin.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.BDIS_BRIDGES;GIS.BDIS_BRIDGES;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.BDIS_BRIDGES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
PST_Rest.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\PST_Rest.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.BDIS_BRIDGES;Labels;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\GIS.BDIS_BRIDGES;ags01@gisphost.sde
PST_Rest.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\PST_Rest.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.BDIS_BRIDGES;Posted Load Bridges;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\GIS.BDIS_BRIDGES;ags01@gisphost.sde
PST_Rest.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\PST_Rest.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.BDIS_BRIDGES;Height Restricted Bridges;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\GIS.BDIS_BRIDGES;ags01@gisphost.sde
PST_Rest.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\PST_Rest.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.BDIS_BRIDGES;Width Restricted Bridges;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\GIS.BDIS_BRIDGES;ags01@gisphost.sde
PST_Rest.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\PST_Rest.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.HOOCS_Restrictions;Construction and Other Restrictions;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\GIS.HOOCS_Restrictions;ags01@gisphost.sde
PST_Rest.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\PST_Rest.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.ModularHomeRoutes;16' Manufactuered/Modular Home Routes;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\GIS.ModularHomeRoutes;ags01@gisphost.sde
PST_Rest.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\PST_Rest.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.NonStateTouringRoute;Non-State Owned Touring Routes;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\GIS.NonStateTouringRoute;ags01@gisphost.sde
PST_Rest.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\PST_Rest.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.Parkways_new;Parkways;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\GIS.Parkways_new;ags01@gisphost.sde
PST_Rest.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\PST_Rest.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.UnbuiltArterial;Unbuilt Arterials;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\GIS.UnbuiltArterial;ags01@gisphost.sde
PST_Rest.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\PST_Rest.mxd;Layers;None;FW.CountyShoreline;County;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\FW.CountyShoreline;ags01@gisphost.sde
QualifyAccessHwys.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\QualifyAccessHwys.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RoadwayInventory;Qualifying & Access Highways ;C:\Users\hessd\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\DCags01@gisphost.sde\GIS.RoadwayInventory;DCags01@gisphost.sde
R7Data_2.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\R7Data_2.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RoadwayInventory;Functional Class;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RoadwayInventory;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
R7Data_2.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\R7Data_2.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RoadwayInventory;NHS;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RoadwayInventory;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
R7Data_2.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\R7Data_2.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.MPOBoundaries;Metropolitan Planning Org (MPO);C:\Users\oneilm\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\DC_gis@osd4host.sde\GIS.MPOBoundaries;DC_gis@osd4host.sde
R7Data_Parcels.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\R7Data_Parcels.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Real Estate;N/A;N/A
R7Data_Parcels.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\R7Data_Parcels.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.NYS_Tax_Parcels_Agencies;Tax Parcels;C:\Users\oneilm\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.NYS_Tax_Parcels_Agencies;DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde
R7Data_Structures.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\R7Data_Structures.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Structures;N/A;N/A
R7Data_Structures.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\R7Data_Structures.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.R7_Overheadsigns;Overheadsigns;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.R7_Overheadsigns;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
R7Data_Structures.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\R7Data_Structures.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Culverts;N/A;N/A
R7Data_Structures.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\R7Data_Structures.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SV_LARGECULVERTDATA_DEV;Large;C:\Users\rizzor\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.SV_LARGECULVERTDATA_DEV;DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde
R7Data_Structures.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\R7Data_Structures.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SMALL_CULVERTS_DEV;Small;C:\Users\rizzor\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.SMALL_CULVERTS_DEV;DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde
R7Data_Structures.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\R7Data_Structures.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.R7_Bridge_Inspection;Bridge Inspection Reports/Photos;C:\Users\rizzor\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.R7_Bridge_Inspection;DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde
R7RoadHistory.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\R7RoadHistory.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.R7_SH_Tick_Mark;SH Tick Mark;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.R7_SH_Tick_Mark;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
R7RoadHistory.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\R7RoadHistory.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.R7_Linear_Contracts;Linear Contracts;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.R7_Linear_Contracts;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
R7RoadHistory.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\R7RoadHistory.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Reference Markers;N/A;N/A
R7RoadHistory.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\R7RoadHistory.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 60,000;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
R7RoadHistory.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\R7RoadHistory.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 60,000;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
R7RoadHistory.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\R7RoadHistory.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 30,000;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
R7RoadHistory.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\R7RoadHistory.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 30,000;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
R7RoadHistory.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\R7RoadHistory.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 15,000;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
R7RoadHistory.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\R7RoadHistory.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 15,000;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
R7RoadHistory.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\R7RoadHistory.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 8,000;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
R7RoadHistory.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\R7RoadHistory.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 8,000;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
R7RoadHistory.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\R7RoadHistory.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 4,000;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
R7RoadHistory.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\R7RoadHistory.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.R7_shlimits;shlimits;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.R7_shlimits;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
R7RoadHistory.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\R7RoadHistory.mxd;Layers;None;FW.DOTRegions;DOT Regions;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.DOTRegions;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
RailDataViewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RailDataViewer.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RDV_Rail_Crossings;Rail Crossings;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\Connection to osd4.sde\GIS.RDV_Rail_Crossings;Connection to osd4.sde
RailDataViewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RailDataViewer.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RDV_Rail_Crossings;Rail Crossings - Closed\Abandoned;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\Connection to osd4.sde\GIS.RDV_Rail_Crossings;Connection to osd4.sde
RailDataViewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RailDataViewer.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Junctions;N/A;N/A
RailDataViewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RailDataViewer.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RD_Freight_Stations;Freight Stations;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\Connection to osd4.sde\GIS.RD_Freight_Stations;Connection to osd4.sde
RailDataViewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RailDataViewer.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RD_Passenger_Stations;Passenger Stations;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\Connection to osd4.sde\GIS.RD_Passenger_Stations;Connection to osd4.sde
RailDataViewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RailDataViewer.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RD_Yards;Yards;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\Connection to osd4.sde\GIS.RD_Yards;Connection to osd4.sde
RailDataViewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RailDataViewer.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RD_Rail_Bridges;Rail Bridges;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\Connection to osd4.sde\GIS.RD_Rail_Bridges;Connection to osd4.sde
RailDataViewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RailDataViewer.mxd;Layers;None;FW.Railroad;Railroad Lines;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\Connection to osd4.sde\FW.Railroad;Connection to osd4.sde
RailDataViewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RailDataViewer.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RD_Railroad_Removed;Railroad Lines - Removed;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\Connection to osd4.sde\GIS.RD_Railroad_Removed;Connection to osd4.sde
RailDataViewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RailDataViewer.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RD_School_District_Boundaries;School District Boundaries;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\Connection to osd4.sde\GIS.RD_School_District_Boundaries;Connection to osd4.sde
RailDataViewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RailDataViewer.mxd;Layers;None;FW.DOTRegions;DOTRegionsShoreline;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\Connection to osd4.sde\FW.DOTRegions;Connection to osd4.sde
RailDataViewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RailDataViewer.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Railroad Search;N/A;N/A
RailDataViewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RailDataViewer.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RD_Railroad_Search;Railroad Lines;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\Connection to osd4.sde\GIS.RD_Railroad_Search;Connection to osd4.sde
RailDataViewer.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RailDataViewer.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.Valuation_Maps;ValuationMaps;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\Connection to osd4.sde\GIS.Valuation_Maps;Connection to osd4.sde
RestAreas.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RestAreas.mxd;Layers;None;RestAreas;NYSDOT Rest Areas;P:\GIS\FrameworkPortable\Transportation\RestAreas.gdb\RestAreas;N/A
RestAreas.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RestAreas.mxd;Layers;None;ParkwayRestAreas;NYSDOT Rest Areas (Parkway);P:\GIS\Working\RestAreas\RestAreasWorking.gdb\ParkwayRestAreas;N/A
RestAreas.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RestAreas.mxd;Layers;None;travel_plazas;NYSTA Travel Plazas (Commercial);P:\GIS\FrameworkPortable\Transportation\NYSThruway.gdb\travel_plazas;N/A
RestAreas.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RestAreas.mxd;Layers;None;travel_plazas;NYS Thruway Service Plazas;P:\GIS\FrameworkPortable\Transportation\NYSThruway.gdb\travel_plazas;N/A
RestAreas.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RestAreas.mxd;Layers;None;NortheastStatesMinusNY;NortheastStatesMinusNY;P:\GIS\FrameworkPortable\Boundary\NortheastStatesMinusNY.shp;N/A
RestAreas.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RestAreas.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;National Geographic World Map;N/A;N/A
RestAreas.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RestAreas.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;NatGeo_World_Map;N/A;N/A
RestAreas.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RestAreas.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;World Street Map;N/A;N/A
RestAreas.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RestAreas.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;World Street Map;N/A;N/A
RestAreas.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RestAreas.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;World topographic map;N/A;N/A
RestAreas.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RestAreas.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Citations;N/A;N/A
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Other Data;N/A;N/A
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;FW.Bridge;Bridges;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.Bridge;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Reference Markers;N/A;N/A
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 60,000;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 60,000;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 30,000;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 30,000;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 14,999;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 14,999;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 8,000;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 8,000;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 4,000;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;FW.County;County Boundaries;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.County;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;FW.Village;Village Boundaries;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.Village;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;FW.CityTown;City & Town Boundaries;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.CityTown;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;FW.FHWAUrbanAreas2010;FHWA Urban Areas 2010;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.FHWAUrbanAreas2010;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RDV_Rail_Crossings;Rail Crossings;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RDV_Rail_Crossings;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;RIS Data;N/A;N/A
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Administrative;N/A;N/A
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Direction;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\gis@osd4host.sde\GIS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;gis@osd4host.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Posted Speed Limit;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;HOV;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;HOV Lanes;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Divided;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;NHS;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Functional Class;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Federal Aid;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Oneway;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Jurisdiction;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Owning Jurisdiction;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;FIPS UAC;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Urban Area;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Service Road;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Overlap;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Couplet ID;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;STRAHNET;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Access Control;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_POINT_FEATURES;Railroad Crossing;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_POINT_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_POINT_FEATURES;Reference Marker;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_POINT_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Parkway;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Reservation;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Scenic Byway;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Tandem truck;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Toll;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Discontinuous Road;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Divided Area ID;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Grouped Road;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Toll Facility;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_POINT_FEATURES;Trail Crossing;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_POINT_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Pavement;N/A;N/A
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Lanes Non-Primary;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Lanes Primary;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Lanes Total;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Median Type;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Median Width;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Pavement;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Pavement Type;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Pavement Type Value;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Pavement Width;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Pavement Width Non Primary;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Shoulder Type;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Shoulder Width;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Surface Type;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Traffic;N/A;N/A
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;FIPS Station;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;CC Station;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;AADT;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Last Actual AADT;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Last Actual Count Year;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Bridge;N/A;N/A
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Bridge (BIN);C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;Bridge Vertical Location;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_POINT_FEATURES;Bridge (BIN) pt;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_POINT_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_POINT_FEATURES;Bridge Vertical Location pt;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_POINT_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;HPMS;N/A;N/A
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;HPMS Sample;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;HPMS Urban Area Core;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde\ELRS.LRSE_DailyRISLinearEvent;elrs_viewer@gisvhost.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;FW.MilepointRoute;State;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.MilepointRoute;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris.mxd;Layers;None;FW.MilepointRoute;Local;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.MilepointRoute;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Other Data;N/A;N/A
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;FW.Bridge;Bridges;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.Bridge;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Reference Markers;N/A;N/A
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 60,000;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 60,000;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 30,000;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 30,000;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 14,999;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 14,999;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 8,000;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 8,000;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 4,000;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;FW.County;County Boundaries;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.County;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;FW.Village;Village Boundaries;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.Village;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;FW.CityTown;City & Town Boundaries;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.CityTown;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;FW.FHWAUrbanAreas2010;FHWA Urban Areas 2010;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.FHWAUrbanAreas2010;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RDV_Rail_Crossings;Rail Crossings;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RDV_Rail_Crossings;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;RIS Data;N/A;N/A
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Administrative;N/A;N/A
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Direction;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Posted Speed Limit;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;HOV;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;HOV Lanes;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Divided;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;NHS;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Functional Class;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Federal Aid;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Oneway;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Jurisdiction;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Owning Jurisdiction;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;FIPS UAC;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Urban Area;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Service Road;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Overlap;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Couplet ID;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;STRAHNET;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Access Control;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_POINT_FEATURES;Railroad Crossing;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_POINT_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_POINT_FEATURES;Reference Marker;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_POINT_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Parkway;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Reservation;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Scenic Byway;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Tandem truck;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Toll;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Discontinuous Road;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Divided Area ID;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Grouped Road;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Toll Facility;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_POINT_FEATURES;Trail Crossing;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_POINT_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Pavement;N/A;N/A
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Lanes Non-Primary;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Lanes Primary;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Lanes Total;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Median Type;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Median Width;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Pavement;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Pavement Type;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Pavement Type Value;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Pavement Width;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Pavement Width Non Primary;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Shoulder Type;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Shoulder Width;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Surface Type;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Traffic;N/A;N/A
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;FIPS Station;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;CC Station;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;AADT;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Last Actual AADT;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Last Actual Count Year;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Bridge;N/A;N/A
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Bridge (BIN);M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Bridge Vertical Location;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_POINT_FEATURES;Bridge (BIN) pt;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_POINT_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_POINT_FEATURES;Bridge Vertical Location pt;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_POINT_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;HPMS;N/A;N/A
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;HPMS Sample;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;HPMS Urban Area Core;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;FW.MilepointRoute;State;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.MilepointRoute;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_09202017.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_09202017.mxd;Layers;None;FW.MilepointRoute;Local;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.MilepointRoute;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Other Data;N/A;N/A
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;FW.Bridge;Bridges;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.Bridge;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Reference Markers;N/A;N/A
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 60,000;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 60,000;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 30,000;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 30,000;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 14,999;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 14,999;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 8,000;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 8,000;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 4,000;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;FW.CountyShoreline;County Boundaries;C:\Users\oneilm\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.CountyShoreline;DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;FW.VillageShoreline;Village Boundaries;C:\Users\oneilm\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.VillageShoreline;DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;FW.CityTownShoreline;City/Town Boundaries;C:\Users\oneilm\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.CityTownShoreline;DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;FW.FHWAUrbanAreas2010;FHWA Urban Areas 2010;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.FHWAUrbanAreas2010;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RDV_Rail_Crossings;Rail Crossings;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RDV_Rail_Crossings;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;RIS Data;N/A;N/A
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Administrative;N/A;N/A
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Direction;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Posted Speed Limit;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;HOV;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;HOV Lanes;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Divided;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;NHS;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Functional Class;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Federal Aid;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Oneway;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Jurisdiction;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Owning Jurisdiction;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;FIPS UAC;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Urban Area;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Service Road;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Overlap;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Couplet ID;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;STRAHNET;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Access Control;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_POINT_FEATURES;Railroad Crossing;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_POINT_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_POINT_FEATURES;Reference Marker;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_POINT_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Parkway;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Reservation;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Scenic Byway;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Tandem Truck;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Toll;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Discontinuous Road;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Divided Area ID;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Grouped Road;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Toll Facility;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_POINT_FEATURES;Trail Crossing;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_POINT_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Pavement;N/A;N/A
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Lanes Primary;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Lanes Non-Primary;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Lanes Total;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Median Type;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Median Width;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Pavement Type;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Pavement Type Value;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Pavement Width Primary;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Pavement Width Non Primary;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Pavement Width Total;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Shoulder Type;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Shoulder Width;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Surface Type;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Traffic;N/A;N/A
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;FIPS Station;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;CC Station;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;AADT;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Last Actual AADT;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Last Actual Count Year;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Bridge;N/A;N/A
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Bridge (BIN);M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;Bridge Vertical Location;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_POINT_FEATURES;Bridge (BIN) Pt;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_POINT_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_POINT_FEATURES;Bridge Vertical Location Pt;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_POINT_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;HPMS;N/A;N/A
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;HPMS Sample;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;HPMS Urban Area Core;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;FW.MilepointRoute;State;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.MilepointRoute;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex.mxd;Layers;None;FW.MilepointRoute;Local;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.MilepointRoute;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex_AllSegs.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex_AllSegs.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;All Segments;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.RIS_LINEAR_FEATURES;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ris_geocortex_AllSegs.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ris_geocortex_AllSegs.mxd;Layers;None;Segment_Overlaps;Segment Overlaps;Y:\GIS\Exchange\Outgoing\MONeil\RISDataViewer\RISDataViewer.gdb\Segment_Overlaps;N/A
RSDA.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RSDA.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.EmergencyEventPhotos;Event Photos;C:\Users\hkovacs\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\agsdev01_osd4.sde\GIS.EmergencyEventPhotos;agsdev01_osd4.sde
RSDA.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RSDA.mxd;Layers;None;RSDA.DAMAGE_ASSESSMENTS_Features;Damage Assessment;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\RSDA.DAMAGE_ASSESSMENTS;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
RSDA.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RSDA.mxd;Layers;None;RSDA.ROAD_STATUS;Road Status;C:\Users\hkovacs\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\agsdev01_osd4.sde\RSDA.ROAD_STATUS;agsdev01_osd4.sde
RSDA_BU_102317.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RSDA_BU_102317.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.EmergencyEventPhotos;Event Photos;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\GIS.EmergencyEventPhotos;ags01@gisphost.sde
RSDA_BU_102317.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RSDA_BU_102317.mxd;Layers;None;RSDA.DAMAGE_ASSESSMENTS_Features;Damage Assessment;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\RSDA.DAMAGE_ASSESSMENTS;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
RSDA_BU_102317.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RSDA_BU_102317.mxd;Layers;None;RSDA.ROAD_STATUS;Road Status;M:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\ags01@gisphost.sde\RSDA.ROAD_STATUS;ags01@gisphost.sde
RSDA_osd4.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RSDA_osd4.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.EmergencyEventPhotos;Event Photos;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.EmergencyEventPhotos;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
RSDA_osd4.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\RSDA_osd4.mxd;Layers;None;RSDA.DAMAGE_ASSESSMENTS_Features;Damage Assessment;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.4\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\RSDA.DAMAGE_ASSESSMENTS;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
SharedServices.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\SharedServices.mxd;County;None;FW.CountyShoreline;County Agreements;C:\Users\rarizzo\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\AGSDEV01@osd4host.sde\FW.CountyShoreline;AGSDEV01@osd4host.sde
SharedServices.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\SharedServices.mxd;County;None;FW.Village;Village Agreements;C:\Users\rarizzo\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\AGSDEV01@osd4host.sde\FW.Village;AGSDEV01@osd4host.sde
SharedServices.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\SharedServices.mxd;County;None;FW.CityTownShoreline;City and Town Agreement Status;C:\Users\rarizzo\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\AGSDEV01@osd4host.sde\FW.CityTownShoreline;AGSDEV01@osd4host.sde
shortcountstest.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\shortcountstest.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.Short_Counts_TEST;shortcounts;C:\Users\spilli\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\gis@osd4host.sde\GIS.Short_Counts_TEST;gis@osd4host.sde
StatePlanning.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\StatePlanning.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.PSS_BRIDGE_PROJECTS;09-14 Bridge Projects (Fiscal Year);C:\Documents and Settings\dhess\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCags01@gisphost.sde\GIS.PSS_BRIDGE_PROJECTS;DCags01@gisphost.sde
StatePlanning.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\StatePlanning.mxd;Layers;None;N/A2;Reference Markers;N/A;N/A
StatePlanning.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\StatePlanning.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 60,000;C:\Documents and Settings\dhess\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCags01@gisphost.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;DCags01@gisphost.sde
StatePlanning.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\StatePlanning.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 60,000;C:\Documents and Settings\dhess\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCags01@gisphost.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;DCags01@gisphost.sde
StatePlanning.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\StatePlanning.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 30,000;C:\Documents and Settings\dhess\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCags01@gisphost.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;DCags01@gisphost.sde
StatePlanning.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\StatePlanning.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 30,000;C:\Documents and Settings\dhess\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCags01@gisphost.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;DCags01@gisphost.sde
StatePlanning.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\StatePlanning.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 14,999;C:\Documents and Settings\dhess\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCags01@gisphost.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;DCags01@gisphost.sde
StatePlanning.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\StatePlanning.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 14,999;C:\Documents and Settings\dhess\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCags01@gisphost.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;DCags01@gisphost.sde
StatePlanning.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\StatePlanning.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 8,000;C:\Documents and Settings\dhess\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCags01@gisphost.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;DCags01@gisphost.sde
StatePlanning.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\StatePlanning.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 8,000;C:\Documents and Settings\dhess\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCags01@gisphost.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;DCags01@gisphost.sde
StatePlanning.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\StatePlanning.mxd;Layers;None;FW.ReferenceMarker;Reference Markers 4,000;C:\Documents and Settings\dhess\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCags01@gisphost.sde\FW.ReferenceMarker;DCags01@gisphost.sde
StatePlanning.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\StatePlanning.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SP_Pavement_Report_2008;2008 Pavement Scores;C:\Documents and Settings\dhess\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCags01@gisphost.sde\GIS.SP_Pavement_Report_2008;DCags01@gisphost.sde
StatePlanning.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\StatePlanning.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SP_Pavement_Report_2008;National Highway System;C:\Documents and Settings\dhess\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCags01@gisphost.sde\GIS.SP_Pavement_Report_2008;DCags01@gisphost.sde
StatePlanning.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\StatePlanning.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.PSS_HIGHWAY_PROJECTS;09-14 Highway Projects (Fiscal Year);C:\Documents and Settings\dhess\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCags01@gisphost.sde\GIS.PSS_HIGHWAY_PROJECTS;DCags01@gisphost.sde
StatePlanning.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\StatePlanning.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SP_Truck_Access_Routes;Truck Access Routes;C:\Documents and Settings\dhess\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCags01@gisphost.sde\GIS.SP_Truck_Access_Routes;DCags01@gisphost.sde
StatePlanning.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\StatePlanning.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.FunctionalClass;Functional Classification (Includes Local Highways);C:\Documents and Settings\dhess\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCags01@gisphost.sde\GIS.FunctionalClass;DCags01@gisphost.sde
StatePlanning.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\StatePlanning.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.SP_Pavement_Report_2008;2008 Traffic Volumes;C:\Documents and Settings\dhess\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCags01@gisphost.sde\GIS.SP_Pavement_Report_2008;DCags01@gisphost.sde
StatePlanning.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\StatePlanning.mxd;Layers;None;FW.DOTRegions;DOT Regions;C:\Documents and Settings\dhess\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCags01@gisphost.sde\FW.DOTRegions;DCags01@gisphost.sde
StatePlanning.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\StatePlanning.mxd;Legislative;None;FW.NYAssemblyDistricts;NY Assembly Districts;C:\Documents and Settings\dhess\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCags01@gisphost.sde\FW.NYAssemblyDistricts;DCags01@gisphost.sde
StatePlanning.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\StatePlanning.mxd;Legislative;None;FW.NYSenateDistricts;NY Senate Districts;C:\Documents and Settings\dhess\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCags01@gisphost.sde\FW.NYSenateDistricts;DCags01@gisphost.sde
StatePlanning.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\StatePlanning.mxd;Legislative;None;FW.USCongressionalDistricts;US Congressional Districts;C:\Documents and Settings\dhess\Application Data\ESRI\ArcCatalog\DCags01@gisphost.sde\FW.USCongressionalDistricts;DCags01@gisphost.sde
TestRestrictions.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\TestRestrictions.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.Test_Restrictions;Test Restrictions;C:\Users\hessd\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.Test_Restrictions;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
Wolf_Rd_Base.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\Wolf_Rd_Base.mxd;50 Wolf Road;None;GIS.FloorPlan_Street_Ave_Pod;StAve;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.FloorPlan_Street_Ave_Pod;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
Wolf_Rd_Base.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\Wolf_Rd_Base.mxd;50 Wolf Road;None;GIS.FloorPlan_Features;Features;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.FloorPlan_Features;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ZoomToPlace.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ZoomToPlace.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.CITYTOWN;GIS.CITYTOWN;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.CITYTOWN;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ZoomToPlace.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ZoomToPlace.mxd;Layers;None;FW.County;FW.County;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.County;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ZoomToPlace.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ZoomToPlace.mxd;Layers;None;FW.DOTRegions;FW.DOTRegions;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.DOTRegions;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ZoomToPlace.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ZoomToPlace.mxd;Layers;None;GIS.Villages;GIS.Villages;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\GIS.Villages;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ZoomToPlace.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ZoomToPlace.mxd;Layers;None;FW.DOTResidencies;FW.DOTResidencies;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.DOTResidencies;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ZoomToPlace.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ZoomToPlace.mxd;Layers;None;FW.State;FW.State;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.State;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ZoomToPlace.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ZoomToPlace.mxd;Layers;None;FW.County;County;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.County;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ZoomToPlace.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ZoomToPlace.mxd;Layers;None;FW.DOTRegions;Regions;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.DOTRegions;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ZoomToPlace.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ZoomToPlace.mxd;Layers;None;FW.DOTResidencies;Residencies;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.DOTResidencies;agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ZoomToPlace2.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ZoomToPlace2.mxd;Layers;None;ZtP_Merged2_WGS;ZtP_Merged2_WGS;E:\Projects\ZoomtoPlace\ZoomtoPlace.gdb\ZtP_Merged2_WGS;N/A
ZoomToPlace_WGS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ZoomToPlace_WGS.mxd;Layers;None;FW.CityTown_WGS;FW.CityTown;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.CityTown_WGS;DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ZoomToPlace_WGS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ZoomToPlace_WGS.mxd;Layers;None;FW.County_WGS;FW.County;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.County_WGS;DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ZoomToPlace_WGS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ZoomToPlace_WGS.mxd;Layers;None;FW.DOTRegions_WGS;FW.DOTRegions;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.DOTRegions_WGS;DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde
ZoomToPlace_WGS.mxd;C:\Users\csmith1\LocalWorkSpace\ServerMxds\ZoomToPlace_WGS.mxd;Layers;None;FW.Village_WGS;FW.Village;C:\Users\pillis\AppData\Roaming\ESRI\Desktop10.1\ArcCatalog\DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde\FW.Village_WGS;DC_agsdev01@osd4host.sde
